Add policy-controller page under Sigstore and how to install guide (#402)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/open-source/sigstore/policy-controller/how-to-install-policy-controller.md

```
Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Successfully got an update from the "sigstore" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈Happy Helming!⎈
```

Now install the Policy Controller into the `cosign-system` namespace that you created in the first step of this guide:

```bash
helm install policy-controller -n cosign-system sigstore/policy-controller --devel
```

The `--devel` flag will include any alpha, beta, or release candidate versions of a chart. You can specify a particular version with the `--version` flag if you prefer.

It may take a few minutes for your cluster to deploy all of the manifests needed for the Policy Controller. Check the status of your cluster using the `kubectl wait` command like this:

```bash
kubectl -n cosign-system wait --for=condition=Available deployment/policy-controller-webhook && \
kubectl -n cosign-system wait --for=condition=Available deployment/policy-controller-policy-webhook
```

Once the Policy Controller deployments are done you will receive output like the following:

```
deployment.apps/policy-controller-webhook condition met
deployment.apps/policy-controller-policy-webhook condition met
```

> A full list of the resources that the Policy Controller deploys into your cluster is available at the end of this guide in [Appendix 1 — Resource Types](#appendix-1--resource-types).

Reviewer: I would call it just Appendix, since there is only one. Maybe I would style it as `Apendix: Resource Types` but maybe the em dash keeps it more consistent

You have now deployed the Policy Controller into your cluster. The next step is to enable it for the namespaces that you want to enforce policies in.

## Step 3 — Enabling the Policy Controller

> Now that you have the Policy Controller installed into your cluster, the next step is to decide which namespaces should use it. By default, namespaces must opt-in to enforcement, so you will need to label any namespace that you will use with the Policy Controller.

Reviewer: I looked up "opt into" / "opt in to" (https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/422848/opt-into-vs-opt-in-to) and maybe it would be better to use an alternate:

```suggestion
Now that you have the Policy Controller installed into your cluster, the next step is to decide which namespaces should use it. By default, namespaces must enroll into enforcement, so you will need to label any namespace that you will use with the Policy Controller.
```

Author: Huh, TIL, thanks for the link 👍

Run the following command to include the `default` namespace in image validation and policy enforcement:

```bash
kubectl label namespace default policy.sigstore.dev/include=true
```

Apply the same label to any other namespace that you want to use with the Policy Controller.

Now you can test enforcement by running a sample pod:

```bash
kubectl run --image cgr.dev/chainguard/nginx:latest nginx
```

The Policy Controller will deny the admission request with a message like the following:

```
Error from server (BadRequest): admission webhook "policy.sigstore.dev" denied the request: validation failed: no matching policies: spec.containers[0].image
cgr.dev/chainguard/nginx@sha256:628a01724b84d7db2dc3866f645708c25fab8cce30b98d3e5b76696291d65c4a
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you include a summary sentence here, that this is what we expect and you have successfully policy controlled, etc?

Author: I added quite a bit, will request a re-review shortly.

> ## Continuous Verification with Chainguard Enforce

Reviewer: What do you think about "Options for Continuous Verification" or something? Something about the product name seems confusing to me because I think a reader may not know what it is

While it is useful to use the Policy Controller to manage admission into a cluster, once a workload is running any vulnerability or policy violations that occur after containers are running will not be detected.

[Chainguard Enforce](/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/chainguard-enforce-kubernetes/understanding-continuous-verification/) is designed to address this issue by continuously verifying whether a container or cluster contains any vulnerabilities or policy violations over time. This includes what packages are deployed, SBOMs (software bills of materials), provenance, signature data, and more.

If you're interested in learning more about Chainguard Enforce, you can request access to the product by selecting **Chainguard Enforce for Kubernetes** on the [inquiry form](https://www.chainguard.dev/get-demo?utm_source=docs).

> ## Appendix 1 — Resource Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Appendix — Resource Types
```

## Step 3 — Enabling the Policy Controller

Now that you have the Policy Controller installed into your cluster, the next step is to decide which namespaces should use it. By default, namespaces must enroll into enforcement, so you will need to label any namespace that you will use with the Policy Controller.

Run the following command to include the `default` namespace in image validation and policy enforcement:

```bash
kubectl label namespace default policy.sigstore.dev/include=true
```

Apply the same label to any other namespace that you want to use with the Policy Controller.

Now you can test enforcement by running a sample pod:

```bash
kubectl run --image cgr.dev/chainguard/nginx:latest nginx
```

The Policy Controller will deny the admission request with a message like the following:

```
Error from server (BadRequest): admission webhook "policy.sigstore.dev" denied the request: validation failed: no matching policies: spec.containers[0].image
cgr.dev/chainguard/nginx@sha256:628a01724b84d7db2dc3866f645708c25fab8cce30b98d3e5b76696291d65c4a
```

> The image is not admitted into the cluster because there are no `ClusterImagePolicy` (CIP) definitions that match it. Save and apply the following policy that will allow any [Chainguard Image](https://www.chainguard.dev/chainguard-images) hosted on the `cgr.dev/chainguard` registry to run on a cluster, while denying any other images:

Author: @ltagliaferri how's this section, from line 125-176 look for an explanation? Should I add a section heading?
